Update Timezone documentation (#4996)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/managing-account-settings.rst

Timezone
~~~~~~~~~

Select the timezone used for timestamps in the user interface and for email notifications. 

.. note::
  

>   In Mattermost v5.38 or earlier, timezone functionality `must first be enabled by the System Admin <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#timezone>`__ by replacing ``false`` with ``true`` in ``config.json``. Timezone is enabled by default in from Mattermost v.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Mattermost v5.38 or earlier, timezone functionality `must first be enabled by the System Admin <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#timezone>`__ by replacing ``false`` with ``true`` in ``config.json``. Timezone is enabled by default from Mattermost v6.0.
```
